rename project_name as directory_name (#278)
NLeSC/python-template: README.md

| Name                      | Default value | Explanation |
| ------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |

> | directory_name              | my-python-project | Name of the directory that contains the package. Avoid using spaces or uppercase letters for the best experience across operating systems.  See [here](https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template#step-33-read-about-what-was-just-generated) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| directory_name              | my-python-project | Name of the directory that contains the package. Avoid using spaces or uppercase letters for the best experience across operating systems. To get an impression of what will be generated, see the directory tree [below](https://github.com/NLeSC/python-template#step-33-read-about-what-was-just-generated) |
```

| Name                      | Default value | Explanation |
| ------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| package_name              | my_python_package | Name of the package. Avoid using spaces, dashes, or uppercase letters for the best experience across operating systems. |

> | directory_name              | my-python-project | Name of the project that contains the package. Avoid using spaces or uppercase letters for the best experience across operating systems. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| directory_name              | my-python-project | Name of the directory that contains the package. Avoid using spaces or uppercase letters for the best experience across operating systems. |
```
